# A3UE
This is an extender of [Antistasi Ultimate](https://github.com/Antistasi-Ultimate-Community/A3-Antistasi-Ultimate) based on the map [Yulakia](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2950257727&searchtext=yulakia). I wanted to make an A3UE about this map as soon as I saw it, as I believe it has wonderful terrain and a lovely camoflauge for its faction. Inside this A3UE are four different factions: the invading "Russian Forces", the occupying "Yulakian Provisional Government", the rebel "Yulakian Liberation Front", and the rival "Spetsnaz". There are no modifications to the Yulakian map or the already-made Antistasi Ultimate scenario for Yulakia. This is created primarily by one developer, and I appreciate good and thorough work. I try to make this mod as in-depth as possible with as many features as I can figure out how to implement.
## Assistance with Development
I am currently not looking for additional developers. If you are unsatisfied with the production time of this A3UE, feel free to reach out; I may be able to provide you with reasonings, or I may have questions that need answers. If anybody is very curious as to my scheduled roadmap, please look [here](https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1hYLtHaA73X2bw29I9xtMmoYN2PxAwZB4SB_myNKK238/edit?usp=sharing). The green boxes indicate the version is good to go. The yellow boxes indicate this version is being worked on. The red boxes indicate I am not yet at that stage. I plan to release a beta version of this A3UE once Version 0.8 is pushed. A full release will be made with Version 1.0. Once Version 1.1 is pushed, I will likely cease development of this A3UE.

# Worldbuilding
## Russian Cornerstone
In 1992, Yulakia faced an economic crisis that plunged its nation into turmoil. To resolve the situation, the western-leaning government sought assistance from NATO; however, they did not come to the small nation's aid. In response, the government made a deal with the newly-established Russian Federation—bring order to the nation, and in exchange, Yulakia would turn toward Russia as its new-found ally. Russia quickly accepted this offer, and vast quantities of equipment and personnel flooded into the islands. Within a week, all resistance was put down. Russia took the governance of Yulakia into its own hands, and promptly formed a new puppet government. Russia and Yulakia would work in tandem with each other, and Russia would construct new military bases to support their rule.
## Growing Tensions
Throughout the 2020s, civilian movements to gain autonomy from Russia began to gain influence in the urban centers of Yulakia. The people demand reforms ranging from limited Russian intervention to complete independence from Russia and reliance on NATO. Tensions increase rapidly—fires conquer cities and T-90s take to the streets. Each protest is squashed with more and more volition. Many civilians die, and the movement retreats from the streets to the minds of the citizenry. Minor members of the government begin to meet and plan a coup to throw out the Russian puppet government.
## The Junta Forms
The military Junta officially forms in November of 2028. Within 10 months, they will have successfully couped the puppet government of Yulakia. They create their group based on the supposition that they will not break their Russian connections, but merely attempt to become more autonomous. In September 2029, their plan is executed. The important governmental centers are seized, and the Russian intelligence center is sieged. Peace negotiations between the Russians and the Military Junta last until February, and finally Yulakia is free. Russia decides it would not be worth it to strike when the nation is ready for it; instead, they resign themselves to wait until the Junta—declaring themselves the "Yulakian Provisional Government"—loses control of the nation.
## Western Nationalism & Eastern Betrayal
After the complete control of the YPG is cemented in every town, peace is finally brought back to the small nation. Free from Russia's iron grip, many citizens flood the streets—not in rage, but in joy. Still, a small portion of the populace wants more. They want a completely free and democratic government that is once-again attached to the powerful economic and military forces of the West. For five years the YPG continues to centralize their power instead of distributing it like they originally promised. On June 1st, 2035, the government declares Liberation Day. The President is given total power and Yulakia has again turned to total dictatorship. He gives violent speeches about removing themselves from Russia, and even discloses that recent terror attacks against the Russians have been conducted by Yulakia. Enraged by the actions of the President, Russia declares war on the island nation. While they have been preparing themselves for the invasion, Russian forces still take some garrisons off-guard. Many pro-West civilians also take up arms to form the Yulakian Liberation Front and finally bring NATO back to Yulakia, destroy the dictatorship of the YPG, and kick the Russians out of Yulakia once and for all.

# Factions
## Occupiers: The Yulakian Provisional Government
The YPG have been the ruling government of Yulakia for over five years. In that five years, they have modernized their military equipment and prepared themselves for the conflict to come.
### Motives
The motives of the YPG are simple—protect their nation. The dictatorship officially formed on Liberation Day must stay in power, and the YPG must continue to protect its interests from Russian aggression.
### Forces
The military of the YPG is composed of primarily older equipment of the Russian Federation. As a puppet state, their military was propped up nearly-entirely by old equipment. For armor, the YPG primarily uses T-72s and T-80s, with a sparse few T-90s in their stockpiles. It is expected to face many BMPs and BTRs as their primary armored implement. The dictatorship has enlisted a vast quantity of fighting-aged men to fight their battles, so many conscripts may be seen on the field.

## Invaders: The Russian Federation
Russia is a major power in the world; while they may not be contributing their whole force to the invasion of Yulakia, their equipment is still significant and powerful.
### Motives
Russia wishes to teach the people of Yulakia a lesson. They will slaughter whole villages with the intent of pushing the fear of Russia deep into the hearts and minds of each Yulakian. At the end of it all, they will re-seize complete control of Yulakia and attempt to incorporate it into the Federation proper.
### Forces
The Russian military is significantly more modernized than that of the YPG. With significant quantities of tanks such as the T-90 and T-14, it is a struggle to attempt to repel an armored spearhead. To support their infantry, they deploy newly-produced BTR-T and BTR-100 models of IFVs. However, even though they do possess strong modern vehicles, they still rely a lot on older T-80s or BMP-2s.

## Rebels: The Yulakian Liberation Front
The YLF—formed out of desparation to return Yulakia to a free and fair nation—is a rag-tag group of rebels who took up arms against a corrupt government.
### Motives
The YLF seeks to cripple the Russian assault and topple the authoritarian YPG. Do to this, they attempt to win the hearts and minds of the great people of Yulakia. They seek to slowly grow their power through guerilla tactics and smart strategy. They have no problem attacking either other faction.
### Forces
The YLF has very little materiel or capital. Each fighter must work with what they can acquire—primarily bolt-action rifles and shotguns used for hunting in the abundant forests of Yulakia. Along the way, however, the Front may find and capture equipment from the Russians or YPG to then turn against them.
